# ChatGPT API Client

This project is a command-line interface (CLI) tool for interacting with the ChatGPT API. It allows you to ask questions or provide prompts and receive responses generated by the ChatGPT language model.

## API Key
1. Log into your OpenAI account by visiting [https://platform.openai.com/login](https://platform.openai.com/login?launch).

2. Go to the OpenAI API Platform.

3. Click on your personal profile or account settings.

4. In your profile settings, locate the section for API keys.

5. View the existing API keys or create a new one if you don't have any.

6. Create a new secret key by clicking on the corresponding option.

7. Once the key is generated, copy it to your clipboard.

8. Open the file where you want to use the API key (e.g., .env file).

9. Add the following line to the file: `OPENAI_API_KEY="<secret_API_key>"`. Replace `<secret_API_key>` with the API key you copied.

## Usage

To use the chatgpt_api_client.py script, follow the format below:

```bash
./src/chatgpt_api_client.py [OPTIONS] PROMPT
```

### Example

```bash
./src/chatgpt_api_client.py "Who won the world series in 2020?"
```

## Run Tests

```bash
pytest tests
```

## Options

The following options are available:

- -f, --filename TEXT (default: messages.save.txt): Specifies the filename to save the conversation history.
- --inspect-request / --no-inspect-request (default: False): Shows the user the messages being sent to the API. By default, it only sends the last response sent by the API (for context) plus the current prompt.
- --max-tokens INTEGER (default: 50): Sets the maximum number of tokens for the generated response.
- --help: Displays the help message.

## Example Conversation

To demonstrate the usage, here's an example conversation:

```console
$ ./src/chatgpt_api_client.py "Who won the world series in 2020?"
Q: Who won the world series in 2020?
A: The Los Angeles Dodgers won the World Series in 2020.
```

